{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Hyperion Studios: Marketing Pitch\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural
\cf0 	
\b Hyperion Studios
\b0  is an up-and-coming web development firm named for Hyperion, Greek mythology's Titan of Light.  We will siege the web industry by harnessing the incredible power of PHP and jQuery.  Wielding these mighty tools, we aim to bring forth a new online era, characterized by clever, intuitive designs coupled with lightning-fast object oriented code.  We will be the enzyme responsible for the internet's next major evolution.  We are\'85 
\b HYPERION
\b0 !\
	Hyperion Studios will provide a strategically tailored service designed to transform your ideas and dreams into successful online businesses.  We will provide services for designing state-of-the-art websites, as well as services to build and grow your online identity.  The services sold by Hyperion Studios will undoubtedly exceed customer needs and expectations, including (but not limited to): layout/user-interface design, PHP programming and query construction, advertising and marketing, as well as database administration/management/optimization.  We will have Search Engine Optimization (SEO) experts working on premise to offer advice and expertise.  We will also provide social media and online advertising services to help turn heads in your company's direction. Speak with a representative today for more information.}